Add instructions for bundling nodes into stacks (#97)
flowforge/handbook: development/packaging.md

A Fix release can be made at any time, depending on the best judgement of the engineer making the fix but requires a review by another team member.

The process for making a release is documented [here](./release.md).

> 
> 
> ### Adding NPM packages to Stacks
> 
> As we build more FlowForge specific nodes we will need to add these to the Stacks
> 
> #### Localfs
> 
> Currently bundled packages for the localfs driver need to be added to the [flowforge-nr-launcher](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge-nr-launcher) `package.json`. And path to the node needs to be added to the `nodesDir` array in the `lib/lancher.js` file (arround line 70). This will be updated in the next release to be controlled by the [flowforge-driver-localfs](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge-driver-localfs) project
> 
> #### Docker
> 
> Any nodes or theams should be added to the `package.json` in `node-red-container/` directory of the [docker-compose](https://github.com/flowforge/docker-compose) project
> 
> #### K8s
> 
> Any nodes or theams should be added to the `package.json` in `node-red-container/` directory of the [helm](https://github.com/flowforge/helm) project

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Adding NPM packages to Stacks

As we build more FlowForge specific nodes we will need to add these to the Stacks

#### Localfs

Currently bundled packages for the localfs driver need to be added to the [flowforge-nr-launcher](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge-nr-launcher) `package.json`  and the path to the node needs to be added to the `nodesDir` array in the `lib/lancher.js` file (around line 70). This will be updated in the next release to be controlled by the [flowforge-driver-localfs](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge-driver-localfs) project

#### Docker

Any nodes or themes should be added to the `package.json` in `node-red-container/` directory of the [docker-compose](https://github.com/flowforge/docker-compose) project

#### K8s

Any nodes or themes should be added to the `package.json` in `node-red-container/` directory of the [helm](https://github.com/flowforge/helm) project
```

couple of typos and touch of grammar ;)
